Add processes services to System Bridge (#29739)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/system_bridge.markdown

---

[System Bridge](https://system-bridge.timmo.dev) is an application that runs on your local machine to share system information via its API/WebSocket. You can also send commands to the device such as opening a URL or sending keyboard keypresses.

## Prerequisites

### Version

This integration requires System Bridge 4.0.2 and above. Any older version will not work.

### Token

> You will need your token. This can be found following the documentation [here](https://system-bridge.timmo.dev/docs/running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need your token. For instructions on finding your token, follow the steps in the [System Bridge documentation](https://system-bridge.timmo.dev/docs/running).
```
